Framework : A framework is a pre-written, reusable set of code and guidelines that simplifies the development of 
            software applications. It acts as a template, allowing developers to add their unique code and functionality
            without starting from scratch. 

Dot net Core
-------------
.NET Core is the latest version of Microsoft’s .NET Framework which is a free, open-source, general-purpose programming
platform. It’s a cross-platform framework that works with Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux.The.NET Core Framework may be
used to create a variety of apps, including mobile, desktop, online, cloud, IoT, machine learning, microservices,
games, and more. 

Dot net framework
------------------
The Dot Net Framework was designed to let developers construct programs that would operate on Microsoft’s Windows 
platform .Net Framework is a software development platform for building and running Windows applications.

link : https://dotnettutorials.net/course/csharp-dot-net-tutorials/

.Net Framework Architecture
---------------------------
The two major components of the .NET Framework are the Common Language Runtime and the .NET Framework Class Library.

CLR: The Common Language Runtime (CLR) is the execution engine that handles running applications. It provides services
     like thread management, garbage collection, type safety, exception handling, and more.
BCL: The Base Class Library provides a set of APIs and types for common functionality. It provides types for strings, 
    dates, numbers, etc. The Class Library includes APIs for reading and writing files, connecting to databases, 
    drawing, and more.

The .NET applications are written in C#, F#, or VB programming languages. The Source Code is compiled into an 
intermediate language code called IL or MSIL(Microsoft Intermediate Language) or CIL (Common Intermediate Language).
And the Compiled code is stored in assemblies with .DLL or .EXE file extension.

When an application runs, the CLR takes the Assembly (IL Code or MSIL Code, or CIL) and uses the Just-in-Time 
compiler (JIT) to convert the MSIL or IL code into machine code that can execute on the specific architecture of the
computer it is running on.