This Console class provides some methods and properties using which we can implement the user interface in a 
console application.

Properties of Console Class in C#:
There are many properties available in the Console class. Some of them are as follows:

> Title: It gets or sets the title to display in the console title bar. It returns the string to be displayed in the 
        title bar of the console. The maximum length of the title string is 24500 characters.
> BackgroundColor: It gets or sets the background color of the console. It returns a value that specifies the 
        background color of the console; that is, the color that appears behind each character. The default is black.
> ForegroundColor: It gets or sets the foreground color of the console. It returns a ConsoleColor that specifies the 
        foreground color of the console; that is, the color of each character that is displayed. The default is gray.
> CursorSize: It gets or sets the height of the cursor within a character cell. It returns the size of the cursor 
        expressed as a percentage of the height of a character cell. The property value ranges from 1 to 100.

Methods of Console Class in C#:
There are many methods available in the Console class. Some of them are as follows:

> Clear(): It is used to clear the console buffer and corresponding console window of display information. In simple 
        words, it is used to clear the screen.
> Beep(): This method plays the sound of a beep through the console speaker. That means it plays a beep sound using 
        a PC speaker at runtime.
> ResetColor(): This method is used to set the foreground and background console colors to their defaults.
> Write(“string”): This method is used to write the specified string value to the standard output stream.
> WriteLine(“string”): This method is used to write the specified string value, followed by the current line 
        terminator, to the standard output stream. That means this method same as the write method but automatically 
        moves the cursor to the next line after printing the message.
> Write(variable): This method is used to write the value of the given variable to the standard output stream.
> WriteLine(variable): This method is used to write the value of the given variable to the standard output stream 
        along with moving the cursor to the next line after printing the value of the variable.
> Read(): This method read a single character from the keyboard and returns its ASCII value. The Datatype should be 
        int as it returns the ASCII value.
> ReadLine(): This method reads a string value from the keyboard and returns the entered value only. As it returns 
        the entered string value so the DataType is going to be a string.
> ReadKey():  This method reads a single character from the keyboard and returns that character information like what
        key has been entered, and what its corresponding ASCII value is. The Datatype should be ConsoleKeyInfo which 
        contains the entered key information.